doc: add addon content from the website into the CONTRIBUTING guide (#3776)
replicatedhq/kURL: addons/README.md

The package will be built and uploaded to s3://[bucket]/[(dist\|staging)]/[kURL version]/<addon>-<version>.tar.gz during CI.
It can be downloaded directly from S3 or by redirect from `https://kurl.sh/dist/<name>-<version>.tar.gz`.
The built package will include the images from the Manifest saved as tar archives.

Most add-ons include yaml files that will be applied to the cluster.
These should be copied to the directory `kustomize/<name>` and applied with `kubectl apply -k` rather than applied directly with `kubectl apply -f`.
This will allow users to easily review all applied yaml, add their own patches and re-apply after the script completes.

The `install.sh` script may also define the functions `<name>_pre_init` and `<name>_join`.
The pre_init function will be called prior to initializing the Kubernetes cluster.
This may be used to modify the configuration that will be passed to `kubeadm init`.
The join function will be called on remote nodes before they join the cluster and is useful for host configuration tasks such as loading a kernel module.

## Runtime

> During installation, upgrades and joining additional nodes, the installer will invoke a set of add-on lifecycle hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During installation, upgrades and joining additional nodes, the installer will first load all assets and container images from the add-on's directory and create the directory `$DIR/kustomize/<add-on>` for rendered add-on scripts.
It will then source the `<add-on>/install.sh` script and execute a set of add-on [lifecycle hooks](#lifecycle-hooks).

Functions relating to the add-on runtime can be found [here](https://github.com/replicatedhq/kurl/blob/master/scripts/common/addon.sh).
```

See the [flow charts](/ARCHITECTURE.md#flow-chart) in ARCHITECTURE.md for more details.

For online installs, the add-on package will be downloaded and extracted at runtime.
For airgap installs, the add-on package will already be included in the installer bundle.

The [add-on](https://github.com/replicatedhq/kurl/blob/master/scripts/common/addon.sh) function in kURL will first load all images from the add-on's `images/` directory and create the directory `<KURL_ROOT>/kustomize/<add-on>`.

> It will then dynamically source the `install.sh` script and execute the function named `<add-on>`.

Reviewer: lets move this below line 30 as suggested in the above comment.

Reviewer: looks like this was missed

Reviewer: looks like this was missed
